FIX: order of renaming var in get_rasterdataset (#324)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/changelog.rst

Fixed
-----

> - Order of renaming variables in get_rasterdataset for x,y dimensions. Issue #322

Reviewer: The auto changelog in the release looks better when referencing PRs

```suggestion
- Order of renaming variables in get_rasterdataset for x,y dimensions. PR #324
```
